# 15-04-2024 to 21-04-2024 Journal
**Author: ryj7**

Action 1: I have implemented the use case that allows the user to see the recipes they have created and edited the elements for the information to be displayed correctly. There was a change made to how the recipe instructions would be formatted before being stored. The change was to add the "<br>" tags before displaying the recipe instead of adding them when the recipe was stored. The tags were needed as I used .innerHTML to display the instructions.

Hours: 3

Action 2: I have implemented the functionality behind the planner to display the recipes that were added to it. The planner is a table with some buttons to be able to remove the recipe from it if needed. To get the recipe name from the recipe id, I used a simple SQL query to select the recipe that has that id. 

Hours: 3

Action 3: I added the ability to generate a shopping list based off the user's planner. I used a php script that I previously used to get the planner and then made it, so I could access the recipe and then the ingredients to display them in a table with buttons to remove or cross them out.

Hours: 2

Action 4: I added a search function to the recipes page to be able to search by user or recipe name to make it easier to find recipes that the user wants. To add this, I added all the recipes to an array to make it easier to find the recipes that meet the string in the search bar.

Hours: 1

Action 5: I went back through the pages that I had the functionality for and made them look neater and look more like the prototype. Tables were changed to fit in the cards correctly and I formatted the cards for the individual recipes on the recipe page to make them easier to read and look nicer on the screen. I also made sure that they were easier to read. The prototype originally had blue cards on the recipe page, but I decided to change them to a lighter colour to help with visibility.

Hours: 3

Action 6: I worked on the document to get the layout and added the previous documents to it and changed them based on the feedback.

Hours: 3

TOTAL HOURS: 15