# 15-04-2024 to 21-04-2024 Journal
**Author: ryj7**

Action 1: I added the Change password feature for the logged-in user to be able to change their password. There is a small similarity check with the two input boxes and then a quick validation check that makes sure the password is in the right format. After doing the front end validation, the new password goes to the PHP script where it goes through more validation and then is hashed before being stored.

Hours: 4

Action 2: I added the change password feature for the admin page by having each user's info displayed on each row of a table with a text box where the new password can be inputted. The table also had to formatted, so it looks neater and more presentable. There was an issue with displaying the users and changing the password as there were some difficulties when passing the id of the text input.

Hours: 4

Action 3: I created a test table to test each of the use cases that were outlined in the business analysis. I created over 40 tests to check if the site works and if it handles incorrect inputs correctly to avoid any incorrect data being put into the database.

Hours: 1

Action 4: I spent a while researching how to make a responsive navigation bar that turns into a burger menu button when the screen is at a certain size. After looking at many different ways to implement this sort of nav bar, I tested them and then found that the Bootstrap navigation bar was the best option as their library has a nav bar with smooth transitions and a professional look. I had to change the look of the navigation bar to make it look more like the prototype. At first, it was difficult to find the correct classes in the Bootstrap to remove but keep the functionality and be able to change the look of it but after some trial and error, I was able to find it and change the nav bar and make it look like the prototype.

Hours: 2

Action 5: I completed the test table by testing the site and got evidence of the site passing the tests. I also used this opportunity to give more detailed error messages to give the user more information of why what they want to do doesn't work.

Hours: 2

Action 6: After implementing each of the use cases and making sure the code was neat, I went through and made sure my comments were detailed and my references in the code showed where I got the information from. The comments give a detailed description of what the function does at the top and if necessary, an explanation of what individual lines do if required.

Hours 3

TOTAL HOURS: 16