# 29-04-2024 to 03-05-2024 Journal
**Author: ryj7**

Action 1: I worked on the approach in the report to discuss the development methodology and how it linked to my project.

Hours: 2

Action 2: I went through each of the use cases and added more information and add any extras that were needed that were not added in the business analysis. I also did some further editing to ensure that the information that I had already written was in chronological order.

Hours: 2

Action 3: I added further information about the page design, how they handle data and what pages they are linked to.

Hours 2

Action 4: I updated the table queries to create the tables and worked on a setup read me files. I also added more information about the example data and how I came to the decision to use that data. I later worked on the implementation section of the report where I explained the development schedule, frameworks, tools used and issues faced and how the persistent was managed.

Hours: 6

Action 5: I worked on the achievements section that covered improved skills, what went well and the site breakdown.

Hours: 4

Action 6: Future development was completed.

Hours: 1

Action 7: I have added more to the user testing and added further analysis of the similar sites.

Hours: 2

Action 8: I completed the critical analysis and went through all the figures to make sure the links in the text matched to the right pictures.

Hours: 2

Action 9: I read through my project and made any corrections.

Hours: 2

TOTAL HOURS: 23